for example, there are Americans in Latvia,
Lithuania, Estonia, why don't you come there?
Well, for now, there are Americans and then you will come there. I do
n't know, we'll see, but you will come to Finland and
Sweden too. Why? Well, there
will be Americans there soon, they won't. Well,
Finland and Sweden will join NATO.  won't
join And why would they want to? They've already
said that they want everything, they're already serving Well, you
never know what they don't want, funny
koro Good day, I'm asking people from Russia
how do you feel about the war in
Ukraine? It's bad, that is, you think it's
wrong that Putin led it  troops to
Ukraine Yes, that's not right So you
said that you have a bad attitude towards you I don't have a
bad attitude so you have some kind of
split Come on, you fool,
you have some kind of split
In short, you understand everything but you
don't turn on You said that you have a
bad attitude towards war said that  it's bad that I
kill people like that, but but but support me, or something, I
understood everything. And so that we
understand correctly, that is, you think you
did the right thing by leading the troops, but it's bad that at the
same time  they kill people Yes of course yes And I
always thought that the troops and
assume that someone will die
of course I got confused in your testimony
again not like that but 8 years in Donbass
wait wait wait That is, it
turns out
that let's not figure it out with your That
is  it turns out that le
lyu volya
troops but you are against
8 years in Donbass is it normal in your opinion
yes what region of Russia were you from there were
Minsk agreements that you did not
fulfill what region of Russia were you from there were some Minsk
agreements the second Minsk agreements
and the pants of May
were not pants who  was And what pants who
what not you said somehow oh well well well well I got it
you in short turned on understood No no no
you just said pants I didn't understand what
you wanted what region of Russia are you from what
difference does it make I just want to
understand how you  Moscow okay let it
be so Moscow or with him Moscow Moscow
Well look
I see that you are such a rich region so that's what
you have there a beautiful
modern closet that's what you
will get from this special operation How will your life
improve What does it mean there are no Americans there  it
will be there
where you have it  We have
us There will be no Americans on your territory, I
understand, that is, if there are no Americans in Ukraine, it
will be better for you to live
in Moscow, yes, of course. And why, how
will it be better to live? Well, because they
won't
be there, your locker will be better, and the
repairs will be better, there are no Americans.
there won't be any Americans there What are you doing Americans in
Ukraine here in your basement they
How so How exactly they
you Well, you said that ska it's us
you're not there You said that the Americans
wanted you because you stood there and
stood there  And we don't want that, not like that
Why are you so afraid of Americans in
Ukraine Are we afraid of them or what Well, you
said that you don't want to be afraid We're
not afraid of anyone at all So why, well,
we just need them there Well, let's
say they are there and  Well, well, here we are, so that
they wouldn't be there. Well, for example,
there are Americans in Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia,
why don't you come there? Well, for now, there are Americans, and
then you'll come there. I don't know,
we'll see, but you'll come to Finland and Sweden
too. Why?  Americans
will be there soon won't be Well Finland will join NATO
and Sweden will not join And why would
they want to, as they have already said that they
want everything, they are already serving Well, it's not enough that they don't
want it, it's funny You are
good, but now Let's
see if it joins or not, it won't join And
what if
it joins or not, look, this is who you are
in Russia
if it joins and they will also get
you know what and who will
give it to them we are you who are you they already
had it once look you who are you you
say we will give it to them you are sitting here
Russia you as who are you in Russia you are
nobody  you can't even go outside for
example to say something there they'll pack you up
for the street I'm not talking to you here you
go outside for example with a poster
I go outside I go to the store there I
don't know yes for example You can go to
Red Square and there for example raise
white sheet for example
why well here
I just a little bit Yes to be honest Damn
to be
honest You asked a question really such a
bald head ears
sticking out SBO you can see failure
no no no no take never we will not be
brothers not in the Motherland  of course we
won't swear at all, you just know,
my grandfather, my grandfather fought
and Wonder is not my
brother, look, you just know, my
upbringing didn't allow me to tell you
that you look like me, but since you asked, I
couldn't help but answer you this  you weren't
asked, I was asked, but you weren't
asked, look, who are you in Russia,
citizen, serf, who are you? I am a citizen,
of course, what does it belong to you in
Russia? What does it mean, belongs? And
what does it belong to you in Ukraine? Well, look,
you can, for example, you. You just like that.
you reason I just don't know what to
push off from here in Ukraine what
belongs to you push off from
the stool you're sitting on push off
from it If you want Well you push off from it the
same thing that is what
you have is what I have in
principle is correct  you have a stool
I have a stool you were sitting in the
zone And this is important interesting yes because it is
somehow
interesting to talk talk you were sitting no no you have a
hanging tongue
I see Okay were you sitting or not Yes or
no tell me what's the difference  Here I am saying
I didn't sit you are afraid to answer Well I
didn't sit Well that's it And why are you so
embarrassed I
started to give you the keys to my place
Let's give it to you if you want Give it to me I
asked there is a lot of money
you are not a brother as if Why do you need the keys Well I
don't know who  you
work
m and you know something you have here look
Vano such a comic don't wait here's
what you work as a
programmer I'm
also a beauty I'm already the second programmer
so for Give me a high five programmer yes Oh come on Oh
And what does your
colleague program on What can I do on What
you can mostly on
girls girl programmer yes not me guys not
really no so seriously Here is who
you are by profession mechanic mechanic Oh
look you are a mechanic I am a programmer that
is we earn uh something for a living
so here is your state attacked
mine  so that there would be no
Americans here, yes, attacked, yes, and in the sense of attacked, well,
attacked, brought in troops, and what, did they declare war, or what,
and without declaring war they dont
attack,
no, look, if someone approaches you
and without  conversations hit the nose
so is it a fight or not of course a fight Oh he does
n't say let's declare a duel for you
war a fight but not a war Well look well no no no do
n't stand a fight Well not a war
uh I understand your
inner lawyer has turned on So who and  when
he said that war is when they declare
it
Listen, you buy products from me, you
buy them,
and we have a war, how and what and what Yes, nothing, is it a
war or something And what, look,
okay, this is a fight, I understood everything correctly, that
is, let's do it this way if  if for
example even shorter a bunch of your ships will
sink another bunch of like will be bombed
you do you have ships at all no at all no
no no well what are you
talking about we are
sinking yours ours to be stupid who sank who sank
you And who And who are the
Americans actually you don't  admitted that
it was you who drowned him, the Americans didn't
admit it either, they didn't admit it right away. No one
admitted it, no one admitted it, I got it, Moscow,
come on, let's do it this way with
him,
Moscow sank to the
bottom.  the second one needs to burn down What second one This is unlikely This is unlikely I beg you Come on it didn't burn down No well That's right Because we don't want that is I understood that is you didn't take Kyiv What can you do wait That is I understood correctly that the Russians Here you Explain to me Why did the Russians run away from Kiev Why did they run away Well, let's give a version Well, they just left And why did they just leave from Kiev Well, because it was necessary And why was it necessary We got there Look, we got there You go there troops they pulled them back and we left And they pulled the troops back further I understand Well, and the troops were pulled back well they pulled back well where they pulled back there they pulled back that is now it turns out There is no need to pull the troops back to Kyiv Yes, for now its not cool I see that all the mechanics are such military strategists just awesome so I see you probably studied in a military school No no I'm a civilian even talking to such characters How do you military education half analyze such I think Damn why how am I just me
I just think that they came to Kyiv, they got it, I dont sit at the General Staff, you know. I dont know how they plan there. I was just interested in peoples thoughts. Maybe there are just idiots at the General Staff. Maybe thats unlikely. We dont have it. So you think that, for example, Shaigumarovsky - these are two a a Putin is a genius just a genius Yes what a Putin is a genius personality Yes of course although you know I agree with you in some ways because to make such a large population idiots through television you have to be a genius you did it you have to be a genius in principle, as well as his theme [music] bent over in the politics of Ukraine and in the politics of Russia yes And you are not me asking you I no no Yeah I am an ordinary person yes it's just that you so you so pile on the Americans there too I think you understand No well you you you reason as if you also have your own opinion Yes and so on Oh yeah, that is, we are like two citizens Yes, we are communicating now Yes, yes, we are like you and me, like two politicians As if we reason as  well,
such a topic Yeah, like, you can have a show like,
bald and hairy, a battle like, Battle of the Minds,
yeah, debates, yeah, no, it's interesting, you
know, even arguing with you is so
cool, you're so funny,
okay, just, oh well, here's another
question, when is there  there's still a week or two a
month Russia will get a final beating in Ukraine,
so they'll kick it out of Ukraine
and Russia will pay reparations to
Ukraine, that's what I hear all
this Well, you know Well,
okay, what do you understand, not that How do you
think this I don't know you know I can
tell you  So it won't end
tomorrow, yes, it won't end, yes, but it
will end, but it will end and look, and
then the deductions for the restoration of
Ukrainian cities will be taken from
your salary, from your taxes, you
count. And from whose money will you build it,
right, with your money, you will have
reparations. Remember how in  since the PM the
Germans built cities then ours is
right the Germans attacked the truth
now you attacked that's how you will be So you
have arrived and you will rebuild
attacked where
attacked to attack your own land Are you what or
what How did Russia attack Ukraine it
didn't attack its own land Well Ukraine is
our land And how A o Well let's the patient
reveal himself Since when is Ukraine your
land patient and what And whose is it  And whose Since when
tell me Tell me at least one city
that Ukraine built wait please
stop here In what year was the
Russian Federation formed one city that
wait again When was the Russian Federation
formed Tell me at least one
city that Ukraine built And tell me
at least one city that  built the
Russian Federation in Ukraine
where where the Russian Federation in the
ninetieth or ninety-first year
created
All we gave you statehood we built you
industry Here you built yes USSR
Wait stop stop Yes I personally Yes I
personally personally And what are you doing personally What did
you build in
Ukraine is
not a beauty Beauty you know And what
did you do And what did you do in une wait No
well wait no Yes I want I want an undercut
Look at
this if there was If there was such an
award star  bol of the year You would have
gotten it
really everything everything you did so I
look I came to do something I look
damn this guy has already built everything that I did
n't even have anything to
do It's not real I'm telling you you are the
funniest character of the week that I've been with
I say in short, there are such boring ones,
you know. And you know how to
cheer up. Even a person with a
low level of intelligence
can still be cheerful. This is fun. Well, yes, I
thought you were you. I also thought you were a little. And
you were a little. Well, that's okay. Yes, it'll do.
Try.  it won't count Yes,
half a bump is fine, everything is fine, but
you have bumps, you measure bumps there Yes, why Well, you
say half a bump there, what does that
mean Well, what does half a
bump mean Well, you're some kind of
guy, you can go all the way, you're a nerd  some kind of
cones of a fir tree like that I didn't understand Yes I'm a
botanist Yes I'm a botanist Yes you study plants
of course and What are your favorite plants you
don't No well
look I I see that you You are more into
mushrooms so that's what you  on mushrooms because
no
such deep changes in the psyche
are not achieved by plants you know it
turns out well somewhere deeper somewhere
less someone well come on you were sitting in the zone
so you were sitting
and sitting sitting What time did you sit
like that Under what article for
what from cattle  cattle in especially
large quantities
yes Old joke Well, you see Yes and what
somehow you liked this business
posy large cattle liked
and in the cell too damn I'm so
interested the first time I meet a guy
who, let's say, drives himself like
yeah
okay no  so seriously what were
they sitting for I say No, there is no such article, there is
cattle
there no no well, you will sit down and find out what were they
sitting for Speak
I say That is, you are even afraid
prosecutor I am a doctor
doctor yes
doctor doctor popk psychoanalysts
screening
Yes, it is hard your thought  it was understandable but I
pretended that I understood it And I understood something
yes like that yes in Russian yes like that Well
some analyst here I am a beginner you
understand I am like a Psychologist And a beginner is
understandable yes yes  that is, I decided, I think,
damn, let me do
psychoanalysis now. And I'm like this, I'm
also thinking, damn, go
study somewhere. I'm thinking, who do you know,
at least go somewhere, study there,
you're in the eleventh grade. Yes, this is already covered material,
at least history.  there we have the history of
Russia although you have such a history there
I want to study the history of Ukraine Study Yes you
know I read it I recently
came across a
textbook on the history of
Ukraine there for the seventh grade and what is
there and there in short the Ukrainians
were
there well in short they were always there you
what-  then 700 some
year there were born There somewhere and so on
and there you know such these are shown there
Mamon in short there someone is hooting in
short these are the first people Ukrainians
come on of course not me I answer those I didn't
make it up It's in the textbooks in the textbooks
it says that  Ukrainians ate mama in your
textbooks in your textbooks Don't look
in the textbooks of any country there are
historical periods of development in this
territory No well you understand that
children are taught this They teach us that in the
poet there were like Ukrainians  there
was no ethnic
self-identification back then, I came up with Well, I'll help myself,
I'll look, I'll really look Yes, I'll buy myself
this textbook so that my child knows that
Ukrainians are like mammoths And when and when did
the Russians appear, can you tell from
your textbooks, then when Well,
with them, what not Well, how-  then when first
there were Ukrainians then Russians
appeared
Russians and let it be so We then
finished eating up after the Ukrainians yeah
yeah yeah
and you have this since then Still have a grudge
against Ukrainians Yes is it that Ukrainians
ate lard from Mammoths type A  you
got the bones yeah yeah
Bro what kind of fat do mammoths have fat Well
of course a Ukrainian will always
find fat deposits everyone
has Well yeah Right damn Look you have
such an awesome laugh it charges me up I
start laughing more I'm usually
serious I try to be like that but you  well, it's
just that such a character, it
feels like they took him as an actor and
sat him down and said, "In short, let's go."
drive In short, just drive the demon like on
camera
like I act in films there in different ones with
cattle
Yes active or passive
not active active Oh yeah because it's
not right for such a Moscow boy Yes with
large ones I try so well it
happens in different ways just like  you know situations
like in life They are like that Yes I
just don't remember I'm
trying to quit smoking I can't do it
now and the cigarette is American really
no Our regular What is it
called you won't believe
BT
yes Well it's all the same Philip Morris
yes some Or whoever to no 50
[  music]
rub you know just to be shorter Smoke I want
about it turns out And why is there
not enough willpower wanted to quit here
for worried that the war in Ukraine is not not a
war did you
watch the movie Kursk Bulge there No I didn't
watch it look This is war this is so
this is so yes sex and  that's it,
there are already 28 Russian corpses there,
milv, where is 28,000? There is a difference, yes, that
is, like, But from what date
can it already be considered a war, how many
must die for it to be considered a war?
Well  read a Well, count I say Well, I'm
asking you, in your opinion,
100,000 are dead, this is already a war, this
is murder A million are dead, this is
already a
war, this is murder And 20 million are dead -
this is already a war
It depends on
how it is And where are we? Well, I don't say anything about the
Second World War  Well here's the name a 10 million
This is a war 10
mlt Wait World War II - This is a
war 10 l mth this is already a
war also in
war war 2 million dead - This is a
war I don't know shootout Yeah So uh 3.5
million dead This is
a war what do you think and this  it's called the
bisection method, how do you
think the arithmetic mean between two
and five Listen, Chernobyl - It's a war
No No And what is this
at the hay point Yes, and what happened there in the sixth
year yes yes the Soviet
Union Yes attacked
Chernobyl I'm honestly telling you I'm
just me  In short, I can't be serious with you anymore
speak I'm just driving in short
[laughter]
bev In short Which one I came across in chat
roulette that's real and not more aggressive
and positive But damn for war that's for the fact that
in short Putin lived well and he
lived poorly in the Moscow region
Listen I'm generally for the fact that
faster  ended so that it would
end faster you need to take
these troops and take away the hell out of there
Well, take it and Take it Well,
we're taking it little by little it
will be faster someone surrenders someone doesn't
surrender someone dies Well, there is such a
topic, yes, you understand
what Don't talk [ __ ] Now, damn, now,
you know, there's a
cat where they shoot, they
kill seriously Yes, where, where
they dig, they plant Yes, where they sow, there
again Yes, well, everything is correct, well, and
We need to finish it, so finish it,
tell Putin, go, in short, take it  troops from
Ukraine not to Zelensky Zelensky tell
So why don't we on the contrary want to say
Zelensky is doing the right thing we need
all these like here Tell Putin you
are doing the right thing right And then you I  got it that is you are
all there truth Yes yes oh
got it Yes that's why you see Yes
that's why I know you know Everyone will answer
by the way you got vaccinated against coronavirus
of course spuni sputnik Yes A I understand
understandable two two in and bald and in short
side effects on I am vaccinated yes yes
yes And I  I think damn What I think they
didn't do I think it's not me I have a
phaser hair in place yes mind is also
clear Already and
satellite And you right or
what And you about this
got a haircut and what And what is the problem in this
minutes comes after
with what is the problem  now in a
few minutes And you about the hair don't wait
listen Okay
look Well I
got my hair cut It's so convenient for me You got your hair cut
It's so convenient for you so no I think
you didn't get your hair cut It's from the satellite that
your hair fell out and some changes in your
thinking began show more hair  Come on, what are
you saying,
show me? No, it's not like that. I was just joking. Well,
don't joke about things like that. Okay,
okay, let's torture each other for 30 minutes.
Well, I'll tell you.  you of course because of
what about wars well positive
positive and not aggressive Lano ki you
know when you look in the mirror you will
see that what you look in the mirror you will
see I say
it was a joke Yeah no well you
basically You can think as you want Well that's what I
think  yeah Well, I think so too
Well, okay Well, here's your opinion For example,
when I watch a dog or
a monkey at the zoo, well, I have an
opinion about her She has an opinion about me
I just thought about this
Yes Looking at you  thoughts thoughts are transmitted
yes And yours no yes yes you see We are still
brothers not a bra
and I am a brother and you are a sister Come on, come on
What are we switching come on I
don't know there are such upo
y zhachny just
want Jean Nava And damn,
sit seriously
t is collapsed there is a set of crusts
called  the cabinets are visible
lively so this is all VN
instead of asking questions why I live in Thailand
rich country so bino
tact of my president  We need the
Americans not to be there in Ukraine,
so here is the ambassador of the right. For what purpose and why the hell are they
needed there, that is, the VN cant somehow
justify there that we dont want
NATO bases there in Ukraine, there is potential for that, thats
not it, its so primitive.  the thoughts are so
many in them But you see they
are tying tying Putin and about
his videos the tips they don't take from the bed the axis are the
side effects of the satellite
so in short put there like subscribe
to all who deserves the content of VN you see
Foreign is still tying
Foreign is tying here everyone himself
to make conclusions but who does not
deserve from me such people sometimes
come across You if their diagnostician Yas
hysterics I there gono and so I would Yas Well
pain Yas  adequate all here so zr
suspilstva
Slava Ukrayima and be positive
if in short you
will be somehow all
nasty mood so
important on ob trima writing on y telam right
now he
AK very and very important YouTube on via
srg or in ny ban and very much video  I don't
show people
information about streams at times. That's why
I write the latest news
right now, and while there's
still interesting and useful information in Telegram,
we'll show you the latest news and information
independently.
YouTube
Glory to Ukraine subscribe